most animals are very about ciders and
defend their territory in monkeys this
has become a battle of wits
the cabouchins move around like chess
pieces testing their defenses trying to
trap unwary scouts previous battles and
old grudges fueled the aggression in
monkey society everyone is an individual
and different rules can apply friends
fight for each other rivals and
foreigners can be killed
it isn't catch them our feelings for
friends and enemies are chillingly
similar this is part of our nature too
[Music]
more Capucines are killed by each other
than by any predator the invaders
retreat with nothing gained from the
battle except injuries
if murder and morality have roots in our
past then so too does compassion the
fighters return and are soothed and
nursed
[Music]
you